# April's HOA Board Meeting

## Call to Order

* Ron Simon
* Mike Butler
* William Rogan
* Dharma Tayal
* Rahul Sharma
* Roi Levin

## Presidents Remarks

* Meeting Forum - Members are not 
* Transition of Management Companies
  * Little bit of a bump on emails
  * Everyone should get a physical mailing
  * Stop AutoPay to FSR

## Prior Meeting Minutes

Approved by Mike Butler
Seconded by Rahul Sharma

## Treasure Report

* Everything is looking good - right now a little over
* Still moving forward with investment of reserve dollars

## Committee Reports

### ARC

* Nothing New

### Documents Committee

* Nothing New to report

### Community Access Committee

* Committee met last week
* List of suggestions were made to improve traffic flow
* Improve gate access
* Early thoughts to remove the island prior to the

### Finance Committee Update

* No one present

### Landscaping Committee Update

* 3 hour review of the property
* Expecting some proposals to come in
  * Sign landscaping
* Lots of work around the ponds
* Mulching done

### Social Committee

* Food Truck Event was Ok
* Young Entrepreuers event.
* Communications / Website update coming soon

## Old Business

### Traffic Agreement

* Everything was official in early May
* What are the next steps we want to do with the agreement
* Next step is to meet with the Sherriff's Office - Ron, William, Rahul.

### Fruit Tree Documentation Update

* We approved in general last month
* Reviewing the language
* Motion
  * Let's look at a survey of the community to review and gain input
  * Mike, Dharma second
* Bringing it back

### Security Enhancements to Hawk's Nest

* All of the documentation is done
* Just need scheduling

## New Business

### Automatic Payments for HOA

* Need instructions / Notifications
  * Go to ClickPay
  * Cancel Payment
* Can Top Notch send this notification out.

### Neighborhood Improvements

* Need a method of suggestions improvements
* Work with new management company on this
* One came in for shading over playgrounds
  * Suggestion to get a quote for it with the new management company
* Kayak Launch
  * A few folks have come out, no one has wanted to quote it.
  * How do we get these opportunities
* Basketball Area on common ground
* Clubhouse Enhancements

## Open Forum

* Jane - Issues with Easement
  * Ron - From a budget standpoint to remediate to an easment is relative, but just fixing one or two would be cost constrictive
* Archinan in the Landings
  * Asking about Secondary HOA
* Fernando
  * Traffic question - People running stop signs.
* Marsh
  * Traffic concerns

## Next Meeting

* June 28th, 2023

## Adjournment

* Mike to Motion
* Roi Second
