# June 28th, 2023 - HOA Board Meeting

## Call to Order

> 6:05 Call To Order

### In Attendance

* Ron Simon
* Mike Butler
* William Rogan
* Dharma Tayal
* Roi Levin
* Breng Yeung

### Notice was provided

* Email
* Posting on the office and 
* 

## Presidents Remarks

Introduction to Top Notch and set some expecations and asking for patience

Board meeting runnings will be limited to board member and top notch discussions.

## Prior Meeting Minutes

* Mike moved to approve the prior minutes
* William Seconded

## Treasure Report

* Budget is healthy.
* Will notify members of positive ($500) balances and will send out refunds.
* 60k from reserve fund - Rate of return 5.25%.
  * Gov't insured.
  * Liquid
* Confusion on Property Owners for conservation plan
  * POA will need more funding for maintenance of the conservation area.
  * 

## Committee Reports

### ARC

* No access to former records
* Need to discuss with Top Notch on getting access
* Discuss with TN on what options we have for ARC docs

### Finance Committee Update

* Prep for 2024 Budget

### Landscaping Committee Update

* Izaleas were replaced 
* Irrigation
  * Find a solution for drip lines
* $3000 / Month for Landscaping to approve.
  * Anything over that can come to the Executive Committee

### Community Access Committee

* Met a couple weeks ago
* Not just operations but traffic flow and more
* Meeting with Envera to discuss modifications
* Early in the process
* End of August for Envera contract

### Social Committee

* No major updates today

## Old Business

### Gate update

* Storm likely caused issues. It pushed the gates closed
* Saturday night, gates started opening and closing on it's on.
* Malfuntion of electronics
* Gate operations will be suspended until that is repaired
* Envera will open the schedule on Friday
* Swing gate may be repaired $625

### Investment- HOA

* Covered earlier

## New Business

### Community communication

* Top Notch Introduction
  * Didn't capture all of the discussion but most was around communications

### Playground Covers

* Quote for one in. $33k
* Waiting for second quote

### Pool & cabana

* Pool pump went down because of the storm
* Tropical Pools have issues with the amount of sand in the pool
  * Causing clogs Filters prematurely
  * The Infinity area backflows and pulls extra
  * Silt fence?
* Order closed signs
* Signs for Rules
* Sign for Fitness Center
* TN folks have been "policing" the pool area.

* Pool Cabana

### Violations/inspection

#### Transition

* Suggested by TN that any in process violation that FSR had that was not with legal got wiped clean
* Selective enforcement was a concern for TN staff
* Top Notch has gone through the process and noticed 75 infractions
* Artificial Vegitation in Docs

#### Inspection Protocol

* Previously we would do first, second and final notice - Exec Committee.

## Open Forum

### Scott

* Would like gates closed 24x7

### Jose

* Also would like 24 x 7 gate closure.

### Mr. Foley

* Reporting shenanigans at the gate.

### Steven Tucker

* Three persistant problems in the Landings
  * Garbage Cans are an issue
  * Holiday Lighting
  * Parking
    * Do we want to reform the Parking Committee

### Danny

* Parking is still an issue

### Mrs. Rogan

* FSR Data Retention
  * Account and payment.

### Mr. Strohs

* Presented a document on standards enforcements

## Next Meeting

## Adjournment
