# February Board Meeting

## Call to Order - 6:04 pm

## Roll Call

- Ron Simon
- Mike Butler
- Brent Leung
- Roi Levin
- William Rogen

Proof of Notice was given and verified

## Presidents Remarks

Just changing the order today and setting the stage for the days event. Will look at a potential online presentation.

## Approval of last months meeting minutes

I motioned, William seconded, we all approved.

## Old Business First

### The Gate

- Starting with this today.
- Updating the attendees on the status.
- Ron's Updates
  - Layer of issues when it comes to the gate usage.
    - Gate Strikes
    - Trucks not getting proper attention
    - confsion around signage
    - confusion around operations
    - design issues with roadway, issues with gate issues
  - What we have been doing
    - Short term corrections that are minor corrections
    - How do we improve signage and communications.
    - We are getting videos and reports of them and damages.
  - Envera Contract discussion
    - End of June
  
- [ ] Arm timed for one vehicle only.
- [ ] Form for Gate Delay Report / Request
- [ ] Community Access Review Committee
  - Recommendations on improved traffic flow and go to bid for services
  
## Treasure Report

- Budget stuff coming soon (Brent meeting with Natalie)

## Committee Reports

- Landscaping
  - Branch Manager was replaced without notifying us.
  - We haven't recieved the 30/60/90 day plan
  - They owned that.
  - Don't have someone on site right now
  - Our neighborhood was the worst they have seen.
- Finance Committee Meeting
  - Investments for our reserves
  - Two brokerage houses
  - Fidelity without fees
    - First Services
  - 60k investment

