# October 10th, 2024 - HOA Board Meeting

6:37 PM on October 10th, 2024

## Call to Order

* Ron Simon
* Mike Butler
* Karen Tepper
* Roi Levin
* Breng Yeung

## Presidents Remarks

Modified board meeting with limited topics.
The major focus of the meeting is to discuss budget prior to noticing the vote.
Committee updates.
Some new items.
Two old business topics, one is an appeal.

## Prior Meeting Minutes

Karen Tepper motioned to accept
Roi Levin seconded

## Treasure Report

Will discuss next meeting (potentially)

## Committee Reports

### ARC

No members

### Documents Committee

### Nominating committee

Need to establish a new committee in October. (This might need to go into the newsletter)

### Community Access Committee

### Finance Committee Update

Will need find new members under the new.

### Landscaping Committee Update

### Social Committee

* Discussed upcoming movie night

* Need simple wording on what the sponsor gets and what the committee gets. This needs to be in the form of an agreement / contract. The funds would have to be paid to the HOA and earmarked for SaCC.
* Board Members would need to be on board to approve. Eventually we can let the SaCC do this without.
* Board is open to external sponsors.
* Some things that we will likely not approve are not in alignment with the values of the community.
  
* How do we want to do approvals?
  * Email and discuss and potentially voting.
  * We can use a poll and capture the results and document that in email.

> Motion to approve the Board review of sponsorship opportunites for the Social and Communications Committee pending the creating of a basic agreement by our lawfirm to be used with the sponsors. The SaCC committee will need to draft the communication to the community about making sponsorships available for the board to appove via email and management to distribute.

Karen Motioned
Roi Seconded
Ron Approved
Mike and Brent abstained

## Old Business

## New Business

### ARC Appeal

2084 Woodthrush Ln.

* Did not know that a sidewalk required an arc.
* Got a violation.
* Submitted an ARC request.
* It was denied but communications broke down.
* They came back to the ARC and disputed, but that was denied.
  
* Colors don't align with other pavers in other places
* Photos were shown

* We need to know from Donna who is on the ARC
* Ron will draft an email to the Board and Arc and Management to try to mediate the concerns.
* We will communicate with the ARC and try to find what the resolution will be and come to a swift decision at the next board meeting.

### Ponds and Fountains

* Discuss the options
* Agree to terminate existing
* Mike Butler motioned to Crosscreek for Pond and Fountain Maintenance pending Contract Review up to $15,000
* Karen Tepper Seconded
* All approved
* The board will be emailed the contract. Ron or Brent will sign off.

## Budget Discussion

* Board would like to see income budgetted (4106 - 4337) as there are corresponding expenses line items
* 5014 Salaries - Top notch to detail the budget to understand what we are paying for.
* 5030 Insurance - is this quote still good after the recent hurricanes
* 5035 - We need a separate technology expense line item or rename this one?
* 5043 (4230) - Collection fees - ROn to follow up with Patrick Ozim
* 5052 Tax Prep - Why hasn't this been paid and why don't we have the audit.
* 5110 - 5115 Electricity - can Top Notch provide details on the spend for 2024. Why are actuals higher this year.
* 5216 - Do we put a place holder for flea control for ad hoc usage.
* 5221 - What are the landscaping upgrades that are desired for 2025 - current earmark is 50k
* Rust Treatment - We are reluctant but know we need to do this.
* 5255 - Tree Maintanence, more info needed on palm tree prunning.
* 5290 & 5295 - Moving to Cross Creek (voted on during this board meeting)
* 5343 - Should pressure washing be every other year. Moved from 20k to 5k. Full cleaning every other year.
* 5372 - When is this due / paid
* 5382 - 5385 - Does this align with the quote. We need to approve this on October 29th
* 5990 - Explain the change in approach for reserve expenses
* 5991 - is zero
* drainage - what is this for? Under Reserve Expenses.

## Open Forum

## Next Meeting

October 29th at 6:00 pm

Vote for sand replacement on October 29th
Vote on Envera contract
Send fence fix to Exec committee as presented to approve and get done before EOY

## Adjournment

Roi Levin motioned to adjourn at 11:05 pm.
Mike Butler second.
All in favor.
None opposed.
