# December Board Meeting

## Call to Order - 6:08 pm

## Roll Call

- Ron
- Karen
- Glenn
- Mike
- Roi
- Giaomme

## Presidents Remarks

- Discussing the makeup of the board
- This years goals of Contract Renewals. Landscaping, Management Co., Security Service
- Also looking at smaller changes throughout the year

## Radify the Meeting Minutes from October 29th

- William motioned to move
- Roi Seconded

## Financial Minutes

- Dynamic options for updates will automatically update to the new amount
- Fixed will need to log in and update their payment amount
- New payment booklets went out

## Commitee Reports

### ARC Report

- Scott - Nothing new for us.

### Finance Committee

- No-one to report

### Landscaping Committee

- Lee about using the 1500 / month approval
  - talking about the powerwashing the parks
  - Replacing the jasmine

### Documents Committee

- [ ] Amounts that committees, management, approval 

- Created a modification of the changes to the standards modifications
- Radification Process
  - Mail 14 days before the January Meeting
  - Hear for changes
  - Radify on January Meeting

## Old Business

### Gate and Guard Updates

- Repairs had been done in late November
- After that new damage (no height bar)
- There is no guidance for how tall the current height is
- The clearance bar should be installed on Friday

When we reopen the gates we will employ new hours

- Normal hours of operation 6pm - 6m Monday - Friday, all day on Saturday and Sunday.
- Until construction is done

Speed Bumps

- On hold. Will open the gate regardless.
- Continue to look at and get a better idea of what they look like
- Reach out to insurance and legal for responsibility if someone hits one to fast and damages something or someone

## Landscaping

Wonderful presentation by Lee

- Moving forward with United Land Services
- $157,833 per year
- Share decision with Enclave and TM HOA
- Going to finalize

## New Business

### Burdens and Benefits

- We will owe Enclave some money (20k)
- We will owe Meritage some money (something)

### POA Board Member Determinations

- Roi Levin
- William Rogan
- Ronald Simon

### Implementation of the Fining Committee

- Long discussion of what it is and what it does
- Separate gate damage / vandalism from fineable items
  - Totally sidebar on gate damage
- Discussion continued and ultimately came to a close with no decision. The suggestion is that we may need all 7 to vote on this.
- Two of the five were concerned that we'd be selective about who we fine or not create a fair fining document.

## Home Owners

- Scott : Pavement / Underlayment issue on Meadows
- Sidney : POA questions, request to enhance the kayak launch

## Open Board

- Discussed needing a second opinion on grass carp, need and how many. $50 / hr. Will get them into the system
- Discussed breaking up work and for committees or groups of board members.
  - some push back on having official committees making some board emails and documents more public
  - Mike to look for existing Committee appointments
  - Ron and I to sketch out what I am looking for. Ultimately I want to hold members of the board accountable for work. There were previously people on the board that did not contribute to 
  