# Social and Communications Committee - Meeting 08-08-2024

## Agenda

1. Roll Call
2. Community yard sale
   1. Directional signs posted
   2. Do not park on this side of the road signs
3. Next HOA meeting
4. November election
5. How best to communicate
6. An event to bring homeowners to election/bring their proxy votes
7. Solidify holiday events
8. December movie night - Book club hosted event
9. Sponsorship
10. Turkey Trot
11. October newsletter theme
    1. Resources on TopNotch portal
    2. How to download app for easier access to resources
    3. Feedback on the newsletter - good or bad
    4. Other ideas for topics

## Roll Call

Natalie Dunkel
Cara Garvey
Andrea
Cookie Steinberg
Katelyn Neil
Regina Beckman
Mike Butler

## Yard Sale Update

* Sign is up.
* Mike will create a map and put in a request for signage.
  * Donna needs to order signs.
  * Donna needs to notify the community.
  * 8am - 2pm
  * Donation Pickup.

## Next HOA meeting

* November election - November 19th (7pm)
* Put this in the October Newsletter
* Proxies are coming - Article on how Proxies work
* Can we put flyers on doors. (Mike)

## Turkey Trot

* November 28th, 2024
* Let's get a group together to do it.
* Need a signup?

## Halloween Follow Up

## Ways to Communicate

* Can we add a one page in the annual meeting notice on how to validate your email and Opted In for Emails.
* Check on Notice system. Can we send out Newsletter and Notices that way?

## Sponsorship

* Board will need to approve
* Create a document of what we get and what the sponsor gets to create the contract. Ask Ozim to create that.

## December Events

* Announcing House Winner
  * Discussion on how to choose.
* Read a book
* Santa Visit
* Movie (30 - 60) Minutes
* Adult Movie?

## Adjournment
