# Social and Communications Committee - Meeting 09-05-2024

## Agenda

1. Attendance
2. Feedback on first newsletter
3. Upcoming events
   1. Movie night - talk logistics and set up
   2. Boo Baskets - update from Michelle. Information needs to be included in next newsletter.
   3. Community Yard Sale
      1. St Vincent De Paul to go around and collect items from homeowners that didn’t sell that they’d like to donate.
   4. Do we want to do a Halloween decorating contest?
4. September Newsletter
   1. Theme: Landscaping?
      1. It’s one of the largest section of our budgets, what is covered
      2. Distinguish between HOAs and how they vary in their scopes in landscaping
      3. Can have a special section on how to maintain the oak trees in from of homes in The Landings and Waters Edge
      4. Lee - can you see if our landscaping company can provide some tip?
      5. Roi from board to write notes from the board?
5. Future Events
   1. Confirm/discuss November events
   2. Want to plan something the night of the November board election to get homeowners to attend / turn in proxy.
6. Paid sponsorship framework so as not to exclude or favor businesses.
7. Food Truck Update
   1. We are collecting a flat fee from the vendors ($25 per truck)
   2. Fernando has discussed reducing the number of events
   3. Ideas for enhancing Food Truck Night.
8. Open Floor
9. Adjournment

## Meeting Notes

### 1. Addendance

- Mike Butler
- Lee Johnson
- Regina Beckman
- Cara Garvey

### 2. Feedback on first newsletter

- Feedback was positive.
- Happy Hawk was selected with 4.2 stars.

### 3. Upcoming events

- Movie Nights
  - Michelle and Will say they have it covered
  - Post a flyer / reminder - week before
  - Some concerns of lack of bathrooms and playground
  - Donna was checking on sprinklers
  - Should check with residence
  - Go forward and rotate around the first year to find the best place.
  - **Suggestion to have a September Movie Night Prep Meeting 2 weeks prior**
- Boo Baskets
  - Michelle says she has it handled.
  - Flyers and Posts
- Community Yard Sale
  - October 26th - 8 to 2
  - St. Vincent will pick up items at 2ish. Natalie to provide more information
- Halloween Home Decoration Contest
  - Sentiment is that we are doing a lot and let's get more established and try for next year.

### 4. September newsletter

- Briefly discussed the ideas and the Newsletter Sub-committee is going to discuss separately and start putting it together.

### 5. Future Events

- November, Mike would like to propose a Turkey Trot 5k - Mike will organize
- Mike would like to do a Cars and Coffee (pair with a food truck / coffee / breakfast)
- Touch a Truck (Food Truck)
- James with the DeLorean (Food Truck Special Event)
- See the organized [list](./README.md) of events starting to get organized
- Smaller things
  - Work Out Challenges
  - Bike Club
  - Walking Club
  - Foxtail Meetup

### 6. Paid sponsorship framework, Donation

- Discussed, Lee and Correy will investigate

### 7. Food Truck Update

- We are collecting $25 from each vendor that goes to the Events Committee. (There may be cleaning costs associated with these events, especially when using the clubhouse if it needs cleaned.)
- See [previous page](./README.md) for Food Truck Themes

### 8. Open Floor

- Social Calendar
- Resident Portal
- Build up of Clubs
- Neighborhood Clean Event
- Vounteer Hours for High Schoolers
- How do we publish our ideas and ask for assistances (form / sign up genius / club led)

### Adjournment

Mike Adjourns us
