# Social and Communications Committee - Meeting 11-18-2024

## Agenda

- Discuss the need for leadership.
- Updates to the SaCC.
- Review existing plan and adjust where we want.

## Updates to the SaCC

- Nothing new. Looking for Leadership.
- Looking for someone to at least help organize the newsletter if Isabella and Shahi were to design it. (See below)

## Review Existing Plan

| Event                        | Date      | Assignment |
| ---------------------------- | --------- | ---------- |
| Dive In Movie                | June      |            |
| Fourth of July Parade        | July 4th  |            |
| Meet Your Neighbors (Social) | September |            |

> These are three events that we can begin planning. We need to assign someone to lead the organization of these events. I will see what thoughts are on the Dive In Movie, otherwise, we can probably just do it in the lawn, although it might be getting warm, and late - being the longest month. We might be able to do that in the clubhouse on June 22nd, but we probably need to move pretty quickly as availability might disapear. Maybe we just plan the 22nd and do it at the pool if we can wih clubhouse availability. (No swimwear is allowed in the clubhouse.)
>
> July 4th is a Friday. Is there interest in doing more than just a parade? Maybe Grill Out / Picnic? Some concerns over folks availability.

## Questions to the Board

- [ ] Do tenants receive notification emails from TopNotch or do those only go through the owner.
- [ ] Can tenants participate in Committees (specifically this one)
- [ ] The calendar is posted as annual under "Template". This needs fixed. Can we just use the Community Calendar on the portal?
- [ ] When is the clubhouse available in June? (21st, 22nd)
- [ ] What would it take to do a "Dive In Movie"? Light Rental? Lifeguard? Notifying Envera? Anything to Seminole County? Waivers?
- [ ] Board Meeting on Memorial Day? Does this need to be reschedule.

## Potential Recruits

[Guzal Khadjaeva](guzal_kw@yahoo.com) Shahi Yusupova
[Christopher Goodall](chris@fhrgroup.com) Isabella Goodall

> Shahi and Isabella stopped in to see how they could help. They are rising Juniors at LHP and TPS respectively. They are interested in helping out with the Newletter from a journalism / graphic perspective and also support any events as they can. I'll reach out to the parents and let them know how they can help.
